DIRTY HEADLINE
A TrueType Font by S. John Ross
Cumberland Games & Diversions
www.cumberlandgames.com

"Dirty Headline" is a stressed font designed to emulate old poster headers. I created it, a few years ago, for FLY FROM EVIL, my crime-drama RPG.

FLY FROM EVIL remains in development as of this writing, but Dirty Headline has made its way into the paint-boxes of graphic designers the world over, appearing on book covers, billboards, shirts, movie screens, TV advertisements, lottery tickets, handbills and everything else you can see a font on. This font has made me friends, put groceries on the table, and given me the curious pleasure of having placed a gentle fingerprint on the globe.

I built the original font to suit the needs of its target project, so v1 had a limited character set. It was plenty for its intended role, but these days, Dirty Headline has more duties to answer to, so here we are with a revised and expanded version. v2 fills out the entire U.S. keyboard set, and adds other glyphs including smart quotes and money symbols (generic currency, pound sterling, euro, yen and cent).

It's still by no means complete (especially for use outside the English language), but it's now a much more versatile example of its species, and (of course) it will continue to grow and improve. Most of the additions in this version began as private commissions from licensed users. Note that every version of Dirty Headline has slightly different metrics, so replace earlier designs with care.

This font is copyright 2001, 2007, 2009 by S. John Ross. "Dirty Headline" and "Cumberland Games & Diversions" are trademarks of S. John Ross. This font is freeware for private use only. Contact me at sjohn@cumberlandgames.com if you're interested in licensing Dirty Headline for non-private use or commission additional glyphs for it; rates depend on the details. If you're already a licensed user of Dirty Headline version 1, license to this version is a free upgrade; email me if you need anything.

This ZIP archive may be freely distributed provided none of the contents are altered or removed.

Version 2.0 - September 28, 2009


